are you single what's your note-taking
method in med school would you like to
have dinner to people at uni recognize
you from YouTube what's with the orange
dog can you speak Arabic how is your
freshers experience at Kings what is up
guys karma medic here and welcome back
to another dose so as you can tell from
the title as you've already seen in the
thumbnail
today's video is a 50k Q & A I never
ever ever thought I would reach 50,000
subscribers on YouTube this is totally
crazy and I just can't wait to see where
it goes it's been a really long time
since I did my last Q&A and that was at
about 5,000 subscribers so there's a lot
of new people here and I want to give
you guys a little bit of insight into
who I am what I'm about so as per usual
I put out a story on my Instagram page
we're almost at 10k followers on
Instagram which is a whole other crazy
awesome thing if you don't already
follow me on there do follow me I post
all kinds of cool medical school stuff
anyway so I put out a story you guys
sent in your questions and let's get
straight into answering them so I'm
gonna cover all kinds of topics from
university medicine relationships
YouTube and social media and a bunch of
other things as well alright so let's
start off with the topic that I'm sure a
lot of you want to hear about well
you've probably clicked on this video in
order to see medicine what stethoscope
do I use is this Lippman stethoscope
this is just the most common one that
uni students get and you can customize
it as you want I've got the burgundy
band over here and the champagne finish
and I've even got my name engraved on
the inside I'll leave a link in the
description if you want to check out
what other medical schools did you apply
to I applied to Bristol Southampton
kings and Queen Mary's tips for studying
anatomy yeah absolutely download an app
where you can view the human body in 3d
and you can zoom in and zoom out and see
all the different relations of different
structures within the body app that I
use is called 3d for anatomy it's an
excellent app and I would highly
recommend you check it out what's
Medical School different to how you
expected yeah absolutely it was very
different and that's part of the reason
that I make my vlogs and I make all
these videos showing prospective medical
students what you actually do in medical
school I want to make sure people who
are applying to medicine know exactly
what it is that they're getting into how
do you balance YouTube or life with
medical school do you think it's easy to
be a youtuber no it's definitely not
easy to be a youtuber this thing takes
so so so much time and effort but I
really really enjoy this I'm
gonna continue making videos as far as
balancing my life goes whenever I get
this question in my Instagram BND's I
always say the same thing great time
management skills and little sleep what
is your favorite medicine related
YouTube channel it has to be dr. Mike
that guy is an inspiration to all of us
I think in the medical scene on YouTube
he seems like such a cool and
charismatic guy I would love to meet him
one day how do you find time to reply to
all of our messages this question is
from Shahan he was sitting next to me in
the library when I got my offer to study
medicine at Kings I try to answer
messages in any little pocket of time
that I have whether I'm walking to the
bus I'm on the train I'm commuting
somewhere I'm in bed I sleep like I'm
always trying to reply to messages
alright where are you from are you from
Arabic origins what is your ethnicity
yes I am Arab I am 100% Jordanian doctor
tequila MonaVie tobin back inaudible oh
cool chameleons a loony be cool video
tips for first year uni students you're
in luck I've got a whole video on that
how do you stay so happy and positive
all the time so I'm very fortunate to
say that I am generally a very happy
person I'm generally a very positive
person and I am just like how you see me
in my videos for 95% of the time but
please do bear in mind I only show on
YouTube things that I think are gonna be
interesting for other people to see if
I'm ever having a very bad day or if I'm
super super stressed I'm not gonna pull
out the camera and start filming myself
so what you guys see on YouTube is a
very good representation of me but it
doesn't mean that I don't go through
those times where I'm sad or I'm upset
and things like that how do you stop
yourself from being distracted by your
phone when studying I literally take my
phone and I hide it right behind my
laptop so that I can't see it I can't
touch it I kind of think about it and if
I find that I'm reaching for my phone
way too often during a studying session
I will literally go put it in another
room or I will hand it to my friend in
the library and that way I just
physically can't check it what made you
decide start filming YouTube videos and
pursue it seriously the day that I got
accepted to medical school I promised
myself that I would help other
prospective medical students get into
medical school when I was applying to
medical school I was so confused and so
overwhelmed with all the different parts
of the application
I wished at the time that there was
somebody on YouTube who could walk me
through it and tell me what to do for
each of the components and I found that
that guide didn't exist so I decided to
become that guy myself what software do
you use to edit your videos Final Cut
Pro 10 it's an amazing piece of editing
software if you're just starting out I
would highly recommend
iMovie that
when I started editing my videos with
and if you're on PC Windows Movie Maker
is honestly great shout out to everyone
who didn't ask me a question and took
the time out of their day to leave me a
nice supportive message those messages
were really wonderful and they made my
day any tips for freshers if you don't
drink yeah man just go out meet people
have fun in the exact same way that you
would if you did drink I know that
drinking and the drinking culture in the
UK is quite strong but really you don't
need to drink alcohol to have fun best
places in London to revise honestly me
personally I don't really like studying
at coffee shops and things like that I
much prefer libraries and for that the
monde library on the Strand campus on
Kings is just an absolute beauty I have
a video where I study in there you guys
can check that out on the channel as
well what's your favourite colour you
might think it's orange by how much
orange I include in all of my videos but
it's actually red do you watch the NBA
and yeah like I've seen a couple of
games I'm not really not into it I think
there's this team called the Raptor I
don't know too much about them though
you know some guy called Kawhi like won
the championship it was pretty cool
that's all I've heard how do you find
the right balance between personal life
and medical school any tips on time
management how do you manage to study
and socialize with friends etc look I've
made a bunch of videos on this topic so
definitely check those out but the quick
rundown is the following you are in
control of your own time and you have to
choose what to prioritize on any given
day if you really need study because
your exam is close you should study if
you've been studying a law and you need
to socialise and go out with friends
make time to socialize and go out with
friends so on any given day think about
what your top priorities are and make
time for them is it possible to have a
social life at medical school
absolutely 100% yes I have a better
social life now than I ever had in my
undergraduate degree if you follow me
out all on this YouTube channel you'll
know that I have a well balanced life
outside of medical school that involves
an extensive social life there's
definitely enough time do people at uni
recognize you from YouTube so yeah this
does happen every now and again I'm
either walking to class or I'm chilling
in the shed and someone will come up to
me and be like are you karma medic I've
been recognized once in Canada as well
once in Greece and then once as well
just walking around London so yeah it
does happen every now and again if you
are on campus and you do see me
definitely come say hi I would love to
have a child what kind of doctor do you
want to be or what specialty are you
thinking of doing I know there's a bunch
of things that I don't want to do for
example herbs and gynie urology ent as
far as things that I do want to do I
think surgery is somewhere in my future
rheumatoid
ecology is also something that I find
quite interesting so really I don't know
I need to figure that out over the next
couple of years what do you do to relax
what's your favorite hobby what's your
favorite way to de-stress after a long
and hard day besides hanging out with
friends and spending time exploring the
city I am a huge fan of video games I've
been playing video games ever since I
was a kid with my twin sister and we
still play even now every now and again
whenever we have the chance I absolutely
love playing video games how old are you
I'm now 24 years old how tall are you I
am one meter and 88 centimeters I think
that's something like 6 1 or 6 2
somewhere around there do you speak
Greek yeah I speak some Greek I
understand it very very well but I don't
speak it as good as I can understand
nemmine la isla Nika LA prepping at the
Owosso para pauline I'm at Pio Carla
what's your favorite TV show I don't
have one favorite show but some of the
best shows I've ever seen have to be
Prison Break Breaking Bad Lost and yeah
that's all I can think off right now
do you regret joining the medical field
or have you ever felt like dropping out
of medical school no absolutely no
Indian Medical School is one of the best
things that's ever happened to me I love
what I'm studying I'm very much enjoying
this experience and I just can't wait to
be a doctor why the 5 year round and not
graduate entry medicine because I'm an
international student so the competition
rates are higher for me and on top of
that applying to the gradual entry
medicine course has even higher
competition rates than the undergraduate
course I'd already spent four years
doing an undergraduate degree and I
didn't want to delay that by an extra
year so I chose the path that had a
little bit less competition for me I've
come such a long way from my very first
video check this out
hi my name is Nasir karma I'm currently
a graduate on the undergraduate medicine
course at King's College London I'm 22
years old
and I won't start making YouTube videos
do you see that do you see how much I've
changed out of everything you've done at
medical school so far what is your
favorite I think honestly the cadaveric
dissections in year one actually
physically being able to open up a real
human body and look at all the
structures from the inside that was
something that I don't think I'll ever
forget it was amazing what was the
hardest part of year one of Medicine
definitely the sheer volume of content
that you have to learn there's just so
so so many different things that are
gonna show up on your exam to make sure
you start early take notes early prepare
for your
early definitely don't leave everything
till the last second what is a cheap and
good quality camera to start recording
YouTube videos honestly if you're
starting to record YouTube videos I
would just recommend using your phone I
was using my phone for the first year
that I was uploading videos to YouTube
honestly your phone is an amazing camera
you often find yourself being on social
media for long hours and losing interest
in studies and losing interest in
studies not so much but being on social
media for hours yes I can absolutely
relate to especially now with this
YouTube channel and with my Instagram
page sometimes I find myself spending
way too much time on social media now as
far as motivation goes how do you stay
motivated how do you push yourself to
study when you're not feeling productive
this is a little bit more of a tough one
motivation is a very personal thing I
really really love medicine I love
making these youtube videos so these are
things that I dedicate my time to I
think in order to be truly motivated you
have to genuinely be interested in what
it is that you're doing so I think if
you're lacking motivation you know have
a really good think about what your
goals are in life what it is that you
want to do and focus on doing those
things and focus on doing things that
are gonna help you achieve those goals
what is your favorite Greek island
hands-down the island of the Gaga one of
my very close friends has a summer house
there and so we try and go every single
year the waters are crystal clear the
beaches and the sand is just amazing
your best childhood memory you know when
I first read this question I immediately
thought of one thing and it's me and my
sister in our old apartment in Greece
sitting in front of the TV playing spyro
gateway to glimmer shout out my twin
sister I love you how do you stay
confident and overcome shyness honestly
this is one of those things where it's
fake it till you make it if you put on
the front where you're confident and
where you're not worried if you walk
into a room like you've been there
before and you know exactly what you're
doing people will think that - also you
just have to realize that literally no
one cares about what you're doing when I
started vlogging I was honestly so
embarrassed about holding a camera out
in public but then I thought to myself
if I saw somebody vlogging on the street
I would look at them and I'd be like
cool and then I'd move on with my day
realizing that nobody cares about you
specifically and what you're doing is
huge what is your full name my full name
is Nasir Karma hence karma medic how was
your freshers experience at Kings
honestly it was really good they had
lots of events I went out and met
of people I had a really good time
what's your note-taking method in med
school so first things first I watched
the lecture using the online playback
feature I don't actually attend lecture
in class because I find it much more
efficient to be able to play and pause
and write down everything that I want
then when it comes to exam time I
summarize each set of notes that I've
written for each lecture into a much
smaller much more condensed piece of
information and then I either study that
over and over again or I make flashcards
out of it to make sure that I've
memorized the material well I have a lot
of videos talking about this I'll leave
them linked in the description and
somewhere up here downsides of living in
central London definitely one of the
biggest downsides is the cost it is very
expensive to live in central London and
it's something that you should
definitely factor in when you're
deciding to move here or accept a
position study medicine in London what's
your favorite city Toronto for sure
super high-rise buildings very wide open
streets just that city hustle and bustle
without feeling suffocated like I
sometimes do feel here in London and
there's the harbour front where you can
cycle or go for runs Drake is from there
it's my favorite city alright time to
answer the questions that you've all
been waiting for relationships do you
want to marry me would you like to have
dinner are you in a relationship any
relationship are you single the
girlfriend topic still available are you
in a relationship and can I take you on
a date so yes I am in a relationship
she's an absolute gem and I would love
for you guys to meet her hopefully she
comes on the channel soon what is your
ideal type of partner honestly my
partner has to be able to do a bunch of
things I'm a pretty picky guy but some
of the things off the top of my head she
needs to be confident she needs to be
able to challenge me she needs to be
able to make me laugh and I need to feel
completely safe uncomfortable around her
is your girlfriend studying medicine as
well no my girlfriend studied politics
on international relations for her
undergraduate degree and then she did
the GDL which is a conversion course for
law so she's gonna be a lawyer soon
alright guys and that is it that is all
the questions answered this recording is
an hour and 20 minutes long I'm sure
it's gonna be extremely difficult to
edit if you guys enjoyed this video
please do leave a like on it and
subscribe to my channel to see more
videos from me in the future I hope you
guys have enjoyed watching me evolve
every time I hit record I feel like I
become more confident and more
personable in front of the camera so I
hope you guys are enjoying these videos
more and more thank you all for watching
my videos your support means
so much to me and I will see you in the
next one peace
what's with the orange dog have you
given the orange dog a name what's up
with the orange dog in almost all videos
does it symbolize something you know
this question is pretty boring I think
I'm going to skip it